Move `BillingDetailsCollectionConfiguration` into `PaymentSheet` (#6551)
stripe/stripe-android: CHANGELOG.md

## XX.XX.XX - 2023-XX-XX

## 20.23.1 - 2023-04-17

### PaymentSheet

> * [FIXED][6551](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/6551) Fixed a build issue where `BillingDetailsCollectionConfiguration` couldn't be found in the classpath. If you worked around this issue by importing `payments-ui-core` directly, you can undo this change and need to update the import of `BillingDetailsCollectionConfiguration`.

Reviewer: Maybe:

```suggestion
* [FIXED][6551](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/6551) Fixed a build issue where `BillingDetailsCollectionConfiguration` couldn't be found in the classpath. If you worked around this issue by importing `payments-ui-core` directly, undo this change and update the import of `BillingDetailsCollectionConfiguration` to `import com.stripe.android.paymentsheet.PaymentSheet.BillingDetailsCollectionConfiguration`.
```
